Dev > Prod (#4463)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-version-control/reviewing-pull-requests.md

## Pulling updates during a pull request

> You can keep your forked collections and environments up to date with any changes to the parent element, for example if another user has merged changes into the parent element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can keep your forked collections and environments up to date with any changes to the parent element, for example if another team member has merged changes into the parent element.
```

Reviewer: Resolved in TW-811.
